However, on the other hand, nonetheless,
nevertheless, despite this, in contrast,
even so, alternatively, while, whereas,
yet, conversely, although, even though,
be that as it may, at the same time, on
the contrary, in spite of, rather than,
nonetheless, regardless, in any case,
albeit, though, nonetheless, while this
may be true, contrary to, whereas, as, in
comparison, despite, therefore, as a
result, consequently, hence, thus, due
to, for this reason, so that, owing to,
in order to, accordingly, that's why, on
account of, with this in mind, for this
purpose, to this end, in consequence,
resulting in, because of, in light of
this, for instance, for example, to
illustrate, such as, as an illustration,
in particular, including, namely,
specifically, in the case of, consider
the following, take, for example, a prime
example is, as seen in, this can be seen
in, by way of illustration, this is
illustrated by, to give an example, one
example is, in this case, moreover,
furthermore, in addition, besides, as
well as, along with, and also, likewise,
plus, similarly, what's more, not only,
but also, equally important, in the same
vein, together with, additionally, on top
of that, plus the fact that,
correspondingly, apart from, in
conclusion, to sum up, in summary, all in
all, ultimately, in the end, as can be
seen, to wrap up, to bring it all
together, overall, on the whole, in
short, taking everything into account,
thus, as a final point, all things
considered, in a nutshell, in essence, to
conclude, finally, first, second, third,
next, then, after that, subsequently,
previously, finally, meanwhile, in the
meantime, at the same time,
simultaneously, following this, before,
afterward, at last, earlier, eventually,
by the time, if, unless, provided that,
as long as, only if, even if, assuming
that, on the condition that, given that,
in case, supposing, in the event that,
otherwise, should, in such a case, if
not, on condition, provided, if so, in
any circumstance, I believe, in my
opinion, personally, to my mind, from my
perspective, I feel that, as far as I'm
concerned, I would argue that, it seems
to me, I am convinced that, I think, to
the best of my knowledge, in my view, my
impression is that, I hold the view that,
I strongly believe, to my way of
thinking, it strikes me that, I am of the
opinion that, it is my firm belief,
others claim that, some argue that, there
is a school of thought that, critics
argue that, on the flip side, opponents believe,